added firefox release note for field-sizing (#44110)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

- `layout.css.attr.enabled`
  - : Set to `true` to enable.

### `field-sizing` property

> The {{cssxref("field-sizing")}} CSS property lets you to control the sizing behavior of form control elements. This property has 2 values `content` which allows elements to grow with the content and `fixed` stay at fixed size. ([Firefox bug 1977176](https://bugzil.la/1977176)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{cssxref("field-sizing")}} CSS property lets you control the sizing behavior of form control elements. This property has two values: `content` allows elements to adjust in size to fit their content, and `fixed` sets a fixed size on elements. ([Firefox bug 1977176](https://bugzil.la/1977176)).
```
